*Seperated response lines for now to make it easier to read. Can change back when finished*

Responses to the following questions:
• What was easy about this assignment?
The easiest part of this assignment was most definitely getting the basic tic-tac-toe layout. Making the decision to print to the terminal or make a gui was easy, as was
printing out the basic tic-tac-toe as needed (without the algorithm implemented yet). It was also easy (read: easier) to implent the AI with fixed moves as opposed to the
AI that learned through the different games.

*Can edit the "you couldn't get working" part during the Tuesday meeting*
• What was challenging about this assignment, or parts that you couldn’t get working correctly?
It was challenging to get the learning AI to respond to the fixed AI correctly. That is to say, in a manner where it would correctly learn through the games that it plays
and would start iincreasing the win-loss-tie ratio (leaning towards win). Also, there was an idea floated around of a potential "cheat code" in tic-tac-toe that would
guarantee the win (if not tie) of the player who made the first move. But implementing that seemed to complicated for what we had to accomplish with our current knowledge.
Along with that, we thought of including training data, like board states and credit assignment, but figured against it as we were tasked with creating a fixed AI to learn
from.

• What did you like about this assignment?
It was nice that we got hands-on practice from scratch. We coded the algorithm from nothing and in doing so, we got very familiar with each part of the code and its functions.
As opposed to getting a template that we had to decode and edit as it would take longer with almost no practical knowledge about coding a machine learning program.

• What did you dislike about this assignment?
The only "dislike" about this assignment was in term of the directions. The actual task was fairly broad and open-ended. And while that's good for freedom and creativity, it left
a lot open to interpretation. While thinking of ways to do this assignment, the open-ended directions were cause for us to brainnstorms lots of different (and some implausible)
scenarios that took more time to think through. As we were just introduced to Machine Learning as theory and practice, we didn't know too many ways to accomplish this task, despite
the scenarios.

• How did your team function? Include details regarding what each team member contributed, how the team communicated with each other, and how team software development & design was accomplished.
We were able to communicate with each other early on to start working out the dynamics between us. We agreed on times to meet so that we could get together and work on it,
through in-person meetings or on zoom. We also had a group chat to talk asynchronously and and sharing/collaboration (of files) was done through a shared GitHub repository
for real-time updates and changes that others could also observe and work with.

• What did you learn from this assignment?
We learned about the practical aspect of the Least Mean Square (LMS) algorithm for an example use case - that being a simple Tic-Tac-Toe program. Of course, implementing LMS
for more complicated use cases is going to require more time and effort, but hopefullly, it won't be as difficult as it once was.
